[16.0] [MIG] website_sale_product_minimal_price (#857)
OCA/e-commerce: website_sale_product_minimal_price/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

> #. Go to *Website > Configuration > Settings > Pricing > Pricelist* and active the option *Multiple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to *Website > Configuration > Settings > Shop - Products* and active the option *Multiple
```
